Today was wild as well. Every day I'm trying to practice slowing down to speed up because it's easy to lose my sense of grounding during this time. But today I made a new Haygen avatar and used that avatar to create a great N8N walkthrough with a nice hybrid combination of real spoken voice that I made easily sitting down with my laptop in a cushy chair at WeWork. And then uploading the audio of that to Haygen, getting the avatar output and then putting that picture in picture. I'm still tweaking now the picture in picture video method, so more to come on that. I used Descript for that today, but it has a watermark and I don't want to pay for the paid services.

8:05 PM
I also scheduled an interview with LeaseCake after they asked me to send them a video talking through my introduction, some past projects, and why I want to work at LeaseCake, etc. I'm building confidence with the whole video thing, which I think is very important these days. The distinction between being an actor and being a human in space and time is fading, as comfort in front of the camera is becoming part of our daily lives, not just something for actors and artists.


8:45 PM
The LeaseCake email came this morning, but I didn't see it until the end of the day because for some reason it was hidden in Gmail way at the bottom with the rest of the thread instead of coming at the top. So I created an automation in n8n, which probably took me about 30 minutes, to look at all the last emails in an hour from Gmail, and if they're from a special important email list, to flag them and ensure they're starred and showing up right at the top of my inbox, so that this doesn't happen again.
